README.md, before:

cyclingzh
=========

Cycling in the Zurich region

Purpose
=======
This is (the start) of a collection of information about cycling in Zurich. You can expect infos about:
- Routes
  - Road (tarmac)
  - Gravel roads
  - Short, more urban, but still fun to ride
  - Routes that avoid the bigger towns and offer quite smooth riding without a lot of interruption (integrated in tarmac and gravel)
- Shops
- Groups - well, this will be a short section
- Bakeries to refuel on the road
- Places to hang out after the ride


Routes
======
Road
----
- Reusstal
- Horgenberg and Albis
  - Variant with Menzingen

Gravel
------
- Waldegg, Hausen, Sihltal, up to the little lakes in the south of Gattikon
- Pfannenstil, Forch, Süssblätz
- Zürichberg to Forch, down the Küssnachter "Tobel" and up to above Zollikon to Balgrist, down Wineyard hill to Iroquois

Shops
=====
- Flamme Rouge  
http://www.flammerouge.ch
- Back yard  
http://www.backyard.ch  
*Open times*  
Monday closed  
Tue till Fri 9.00 to 18.30   
Sa 9.00 to 16.00   
Alfred Escher-Str. 25   
8002 Zürich   
Phone +41 44 261 19 19   
info@backyard.ch   


Places
======
- Iroquois  
http://www.iroquois.ch
- El Lokal  
http://www.ellokal.ch
- Don Weber  
http://www.donweber.ch
- Outdoor velodrome "Offene Rennbahn" in Oerlikon  
http://www.rennbahn-oerlikon.ch  
Races on Tuesday evenings from early May till end of September  
Restaurant open on Tuesday and Thursday evenings

Commit message:

Opening times for Flamme-Rouge

README.md, after:

cyclingzh
=========

Cycling in the Zurich region

Purpose
=======
This is (the start) of a collection of information about cycling in Zurich. You can expect infos about:
- Routes
  - Road (tarmac)
  - Gravel roads
  - Short, more urban, but still fun to ride
  - Routes that avoid the bigger towns and offer quite smooth riding without a lot of interruption (integrated in tarmac and gravel)
- Shops
- Groups - well, this will be a short section
- Bakeries to refuel on the road
- Places to hang out after the ride


Routes
======
Road
----
- Reusstal
- Horgenberg and Albis
  - Variant with Menzingen

Gravel
------
- Waldegg, Hausen, Sihltal, up to the little lakes in the south of Gattikon
- Pfannenstil, Forch, Süssblätz
- Zürichberg to Forch, down the Küssnachter "Tobel" and up to above Zollikon to Balgrist, down Wineyard hill to Iroquois

Shops
=====
- Flamme Rouge  
http://www.flammerouge.ch  
*Open times*  
Tue till Fri 14:00 to 21:00  
Sat 10:00 to 14:00  

- Back yard  
http://www.backyard.ch  
*Open times*  
Monday closed  
Tue till Fri 9.00 to 18.30   
Sa 9.00 to 16.00   
Alfred Escher-Str. 25   
8002 Zürich   
Phone +41 44 261 19 19   
info@backyard.ch   


Places
======
- Iroquois  
http://www.iroquois.ch
- El Lokal  
http://www.ellokal.ch
- Don Weber  
http://www.donweber.ch
- Outdoor velodrome "Offene Rennbahn" in Oerlikon  
http://www.rennbahn-oerlikon.ch  
Races on Tuesday evenings from early May till end of September  
Restaurant open on Tuesday and Thursday evenings
